Wu Tian, this grandson must have done it on purpose
Zhang Shuai, why don't you call now?
Call me the Li family
Zhang Shuai, when will their food run out?
When will you finish drinking?
Zhang Shuai, I can guarantee it.
The food on the opposite side will be used up soon.
Let's persevere.
Just hold on.
Victory is definitely ours
OK, I'm sure.
Wait a minute.
I had to copy your house for 5 days
Be ready for me
Why haven't I finished my meal yet?
It's your uncle, get over there
Li Jiaren
Are you sure they've run out of food?
We can win
Zhang Shuai has been there for three days
I can guarantee it.
There's nothing left to eat.
This is our time to win
I will take Wu Tian
I must let him taste the taste of Lao Tzu these days
Hmm, that's right
Zhang Shuai, I will help you teach him a lesson when the time comes.
What's that?
come
Come come
It's started hahaha
Hello, fellow citizens.
Have you eaten?
What the hell is going on, villain?
Didn't you say they ran out of food?